Stabilization of cardano db v2 (aggregator) (#2610)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/versioned_docs/version-maintained/manual/getting-started/bootstrap-cardano-node.md

### Step 4: Download the selected Cardano DB snapshot

> #### Step 4.1 : Download the full Cardano DB snapshot

Reviewer: Maybe something like this would be more appropriate?
```suggestion
#### Step 4.1 : Download the full Cardano node database
```

    mithril-client --unstable tools utxo-hd snapshot-converter --db-directory db --cardano-node-version 10.4.1 --utxo-hd-flavor Legacy --cardano-network preview --commit
```

> #### Step 4.2 : Download a subset of Cardano DB snapshot

Reviewer: Maybe something like this would be more appropriate?
```suggestion
#### Step 4.2 : Download a subset of immutable files
```

To download a range of immutables from the remote location to your remote location, run:

```bash

> ./mithril-client cardano-db download --include-ancillary $SNAPSHOT_DIGEST --backend v2 --start 17000 --end 18000

Author: @jpraynaud  I suggest  : 

Prepare environment variables with a range of immutables :

```bash
export IMMUTABLE_START=17000
export IMMUTABLE_END=18000
```

To download a range of immutable files from the remote location to your local location, run:

```bash
./mithril-client cardano-db download $SNAPSHOT_DIGEST --include-ancillary --backend v2 --start $IMMUTABLE_START --end $IMMUTABLE_END

> ./mithril-client cardano-db download --include-ancillary $SNAPSHOT_DIGEST --backend v2 --start 17000 --end 18000

Reviewer 2: OK :+1:
